Add compose service with dummy admin and data (#18)
SE-UUlm/snowballr-mock-backend: README.md

> Security is an afterthought and this server should **never** be used in
> production. Passwords are stored in plaintext and nothing is encrypted.

## Get Started

The fastest way to get started is to clone the repository and run the mock
backend using docker compose. This will start the mock backend and a gRPC web
proxy. The mock backend will be available at `http://localhost:3001` and the gRPC

> web proxy at `http://localhost:3000`.

Reviewer: A general question: Why did you write a separate section instead of integrating your text in the existing sections. Because in the "Usage" section there is description how to start the mock backend using a docker compose etc. as well?!

Author: I adjusted it so that it makes more sense.

```sh
docker compose up
```

> 
> To start the mock-backend with existing data and an admin user, you can use the `mock-dummy` profile.
> 
> ```sh
> docker compose --profile mock-dummy up
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To start the mock backend with existing data and an admin user, you can use the `sample-data` profile.

```sh
docker compose --profile sample-data up
```
```

At least correct the `mock-backend` inconsistency.

Author: Fixed it.
